Update Micro-Integrator Pipeline Documents (#2058)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/setup/deployment/k8s-pipeline/modifying-pipeline-configurations.md

# Modifying Pipeline Configurations

> ## The pipeline configurations can be changed by the modification of values.yaml file

Reviewer: Not suitable for a title. When we render this in the website it appears on the right side navigation and it will display in a lengthy unreadable manner. Please have something shorter.

Author: I have added a shorter text

The pipeline configurations can be changed by the modification of the
configurations in
the [values.yaml](https://github.com/wso2/kubernetes-pipeline/blob/master/kubernetes-pipeline/values.yaml) file
corresponding to the pipeline. The [sample
modifications](https://github.com/wso2/kubernetes-pipeline/tree/master/kubernetes-pipeline/samples)
for each product provide a good indication as to how these
configurations could be modified upon deployment. Once a configuration
change has been made, run the helm upgrade command to apply the changes.

``` bash
$ helm upgrade <RELEASE_NAME> wso2/kubernetes-pipeline --version 1.0.0 -f values.yaml
```
>

**<RELEASE\_NAME\>** should be replaced with the release name provided
when the pipeline is installed initially.

> Configuration changes occur which will affect the Jenkins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration changes occur that will affect the Jenkins
```

You'd normally have a comma before "which" and none before "that". The reasoning is when you use "which" you are adding information that is additional to the main sentence. When you use "that", it means the information after that is necessary for the sentence.

deployment, some of which include:

  * Changes to the private Docker repository

  * Changes to the artifact source repository

  * Changes to the chart source repository

> In these cases, the **Jenkins pod would be restarted for these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, the **Jenkins pod is restarted for these
```

configurations to be reflected**.

Following are some advanced configurations that could be done to
customize and secure the pipeline tools.

## Change Domain

> To customize the domain name override the host values as shown in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the domain name, override the host values as shown in the
```

example below.

> ``` yml

Reviewer: Does this render properly on the site?

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40120734/90508423-5dd6c180-e175-11ea-9345-540d7f7e52d3.png)
this render properly
